README.md, before:

|#|[NASB](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=EX20.2-17&version=NASB)|[UBIO](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=EX20.2-17&version=UKR)|
|-|-|-|
|1|have no other gods before the LORD Jesus|не май жодних богів поперед ГОСПОДА Ісуса|
|2|don't make yourself an idol|не роби собі ідолів|
|3|don't take the LORD's Name in vain|не згадуй ГОСПОДНЄ Ім'я намарно|
|4|remember the Sabbath, keep it holy|пам'ятай Шабат, зберігай Його святим|
|5|honor your father and mother|шануй батька та матір своїх|
|6|don't kill|не вбивай|
|7|don't steal |не кради |
|8|don't commit adultery|не чини перелюбу|
|9|don't lie|не бреши|
|10|don't covet|не заздри|

![Hallelujah thank YOU Jesus Christ our Holy Lord GOD Almighty](./Hallelujah%20thank%20YOU%20Jesus%20Christ%20our%20HOly%20Lord%20GOD%20ALMighty.png)

| [NASB](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=ROM3.23%2C6.23%2C5.8%2C10.9-10%2C10.13%2C5.1%2C8.1%2CJN3.16%2C14.6%2C3.3&version=NASB) | [UBIO](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=ROM3.23%2C6.23%2C5.8%2C10.9-10%2C10.13%2C5.1%2C8.1%2CJN3.16%2C14.6%2C3.3&version=UKR) |
|-|-|
| **for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God** ([Romans 3:23](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.3.23)) | **бо всі згрішили і позбавлені Божої слави** ([Римляни 3:23](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.3.23)) |
| **For the wages of sin is death, but the gracious gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.** ([Romans 6:23](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.6.23)) | **Бо заплата за гріх смерть, а благодатний дар Божий життя вічне в Христі Ісусі Господі нашім.** ([Римляни 6:23](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.6.23))  |
| **But God demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us.** ([Romans 5:8](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.5.8)) | **Але Бог доводить Свою любов до нас тим, що коли ми були ще грішниками, Христос помер за нас.** ([Римляни 5:8](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.5.8)) |
| **that if you confess with your mouth Jesus as Lord, and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved; for with the heart a person believes, resulting in righteousness, and with the mouth he confesses, resulting in salvation.** ([Romans 10:9-10](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.10.9-10)) | **що коли ти устами своїми визнаватимеш Ісуса Господом і серцем своїм віруватимеш, що Бог воскресив Його з мертвих, то спасешся; бо серцем людина вірує на праведність, а устами сповідує на спасіння.** ([Римляни 10:9-10](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.10.9-10)) |
| **for “Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.”** ([Romans 10:13](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.10.13)) | **бо “Кожен, хто покличе ім'я Господнє, врятується.”** ([Римляни 10:13](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.10.13)) |
| **Therefore, having been justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ** ([Romans 5:1](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.5.1)) | **Отже, виправдавшись вірою, ми маємо мир з Богом через Господа нашого Ісуса Христа** ([Римляни 5:1](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.5.1)) |
| **Therefore there is now no condemnation at all for those who are in Christ Jesus.** ([Romans 8:1](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.8.1)) | **Тому тепер немає жодного осуду для тих, хто в Христі Ісусі.** ([Римляни 8:1](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.8.1)) |
| **“For God so loved the world, that He gave His only Son, so that everyone who believes in Him will not perish, but have eternal life.** ([John 3:16](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/JHN.3.16)) | **“Бо так полюбив БОГ світ, що віддав Сина Свого Єдиного, аби кожен, хто вірує в Нього, не згинув, але мав життя вічне.** ([Йоан 3:16](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/JHN.3.16)) |
| **Jesus said to him, “I am the way, and the truth, and the life; no one comes to the Father except through Me.** ([John 14:6](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/JHN.14.6)) | **Ісус сказав йому, “Я є шлях і правда і життя; ніхто не приходить до Отця, якщо не через Мене.** ([Йоан 14:6](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/JHN.14.6)) |
| **Jesus responded and said to him, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless someone is born again he cannot see the kingdom of God.”** ([John 3:3](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/JHN.3.3)) | **Ісус відповів і сказав йому, “Поправді, поправді кажу тобі, якщо хто не народиться знову, той не може побачити Царства Божого.”** ([Йоан 3:3](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/JHN.3.3)) |

Commit message:

refactor: include whole Ten Commandments BIBLE passages, JESUS THANK YOU JESUS HALLELUJAH

README.md, after:

|[NASB](https://bolls.life/NASB/2/20/2-17/)|[UTT](https://bolls.life/UTT/2/20/2-17/)|
|-|-|
|**“I am the LORD your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.  “You shall have no other gods before Me.  “You shall not make for yourself a carved image—any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth;  you shall not bow down to them nor serve them. For I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children to the third and fourth generations of those who hate Me, but showing mercy to thousands, to those who love Me and keep My commandments.  “You shall not take the name of the LORD your God in vain, for the LORD will not hold him guiltless who takes His name in vain.  “Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy.  Six days you shall labor and do all your work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the LORD your God. In it you shall do no work: you, nor your son, nor your daughter, nor your male servant, nor your female servant, nor your cattle, nor your stranger who is within your gates. For in six days the LORD made the heavens and the earth, the sea, and all that is in them, and rested the seventh day. Therefore the LORD blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it.  “Honor your father and your mother, that your days may be long upon the land which the LORD your God is giving you.  “You shall not murder.  “You shall not commit adultery.  “You shall not steal.  “You shall not bear false witness against your neighbor.  “You shall not covet your neighbor’s house; you shall not covet your neighbor’s wife, nor his male servant, nor his female servant, nor his ox, nor his donkey, nor anything that is your neighbor’s.”** (Exodus 20:2-17 NASB)|**Я — Господь, твій Бог, Який вивів тебе з Єгипетської землі, з дому рабства. У тебе не буде інших богів, крім Мене. Не робитимеш собі ідола ні будь-якої подоби того, що на небі вгорі, чи на землі внизу, чи у водах під землею. Не поклонятимешся їм і не служитимеш їм. Адже Я — Господь, твій Бог, Бог ревнивий, Який відплачує за гріхи батьків дітям до третього й четвертого покоління, — тим, хто ненавидить Мене, і Котрий чинить милосердя тисячам — тим, хто любить Мене і береже Мої заповіді. Не вживатимеш Ім’я Господа, Бога твого, надаремно. Адже Господь не оправдає того, хто вживає Ім’я Його надаремно. Пам’ятай суботній день, щоб його святити. Шість днів працюватимеш і робитимеш усі свої діла, а сьомий день — субота — Господу, Богові твоєму. Не робитимеш в цей день жодного діла — ні ти, ні твій син, ні твоя дочка, ні твій раб, ні твоя рабиня, ні твій віл, ні твій осел, ні будь-яка твоя худоба, ні чужинець, який в тебе живе. Адже за шість днів Господь створив небо, землю, море і все, що в них, а сьомого дня Він спочив. Тому Господь поблагословив сьомий день і освятив його. Шануй свого батька і матір, щоб добре тобі було і щоб ти був довголітнім на добрій землі, яку Господь, твій Бог, дає тобі. Не чинитимеш перелюбу. Не крастимеш. Не вбиватимеш. Не даватимеш неправдивого свідчення проти свого ближнього. Не жадатимеш дружини свого ближнього, не жадатимеш дому свого ближнього, ні його поля, ні його раба, ні його рабині, ні його вола, ні його осла, ні будь-якої його худоби, ні будь чого, що є у твого ближнього.** (Вихід 20:2-17 UTT)|

![Hallelujah thank YOU Jesus Christ our Holy Lord GOD Almighty](./Hallelujah%20thank%20YOU%20Jesus%20Christ%20our%20HOly%20Lord%20GOD%20ALMighty.png)

| [NASB](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=ROM3.23%2C6.23%2C5.8%2C10.9-10%2C10.13%2C5.1%2C8.1%2CJN3.16%2C14.6%2C3.3&version=NASB) | [UBIO](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=ROM3.23%2C6.23%2C5.8%2C10.9-10%2C10.13%2C5.1%2C8.1%2CJN3.16%2C14.6%2C3.3&version=UKR) |
|-|-|
| **for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God** ([Romans 3:23](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.3.23)) | **бо всі згрішили і позбавлені Божої слави** ([Римляни 3:23](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.3.23)) |
| **For the wages of sin is death, but the gracious gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.** ([Romans 6:23](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.6.23)) | **Бо заплата за гріх смерть, а благодатний дар Божий життя вічне в Христі Ісусі Господі нашім.** ([Римляни 6:23](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.6.23))  |
| **But God demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us.** ([Romans 5:8](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.5.8)) | **Але Бог доводить Свою любов до нас тим, що коли ми були ще грішниками, Христос помер за нас.** ([Римляни 5:8](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.5.8)) |
| **that if you confess with your mouth Jesus as Lord, and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved; for with the heart a person believes, resulting in righteousness, and with the mouth he confesses, resulting in salvation.** ([Romans 10:9-10](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.10.9-10)) | **що коли ти устами своїми визнаватимеш Ісуса Господом і серцем своїм віруватимеш, що Бог воскресив Його з мертвих, то спасешся; бо серцем людина вірує на праведність, а устами сповідує на спасіння.** ([Римляни 10:9-10](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.10.9-10)) |
| **for “Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.”** ([Romans 10:13](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.10.13)) | **бо “Кожен, хто покличе ім'я Господнє, врятується.”** ([Римляни 10:13](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.10.13)) |
| **Therefore, having been justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ** ([Romans 5:1](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.5.1)) | **Отже, виправдавшись вірою, ми маємо мир з Богом через Господа нашого Ісуса Христа** ([Римляни 5:1](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.5.1)) |
| **Therefore there is now no condemnation at all for those who are in Christ Jesus.** ([Romans 8:1](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/ROM.8.1)) | **Тому тепер немає жодного осуду для тих, хто в Христі Ісусі.** ([Римляни 8:1](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/ROM.8.1)) |
| **“For God so loved the world, that He gave His only Son, so that everyone who believes in Him will not perish, but have eternal life.** ([John 3:16](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/JHN.3.16)) | **“Бо так полюбив БОГ світ, що віддав Сина Свого Єдиного, аби кожен, хто вірує в Нього, не згинув, але мав життя вічне.** ([Йоан 3:16](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/JHN.3.16)) |
| **Jesus said to him, “I am the way, and the truth, and the life; no one comes to the Father except through Me.** ([John 14:6](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/JHN.14.6)) | **Ісус сказав йому, “Я є шлях і правда і життя; ніхто не приходить до Отця, якщо не через Мене.** ([Йоан 14:6](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/JHN.14.6)) |
| **Jesus responded and said to him, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless someone is born again he cannot see the kingdom of God.”** ([John 3:3](https://www.bible.com/en/bible/compare/JHN.3.3)) | **Ісус відповів і сказав йому, “Поправді, поправді кажу тобі, якщо хто не народиться знову, той не може побачити Царства Божого.”** ([Йоан 3:3](https://www.bible.com/uk/bible/compare/JHN.3.3)) |
